I'm down from the factory link and this
is the Toby travel steamer so the Toby's
travel steamer is very lightweight it's
easy to use it comes with this fabric
cleaning head which is it picks up fur
hair dust all those sort of things from
fabric or clothes it also comes with
this brush head which is another kind of
head for different things the basic
little toothbrush
for cleaning container to fill the water
tank which is on top here which you can
just put in normal tap water to use so
I'll give you a little demonstration
here I've got a t-shirt which is quite
wrinkled as you can see try find a very
wrinkled spot it's hard to see on the
camera but if I just do this area down
here
now as you can see this area I've done
has become very flat and well lined as
opposed to the area surrounding that
only took me just a second and this is
what I use now instead of a regular iron
the Toby travel steamer is ideal for
traveling obviously but it's also great
for just around the house it comes with
the European power outlet which has used
most places around the world which is
ideal for travel but for Australians
I've also included a Australian power
adapter so that you can use it in
Australia as well and if you've got a
universal adapter which you would
probably take traveling with you anyway
that's perfect perfect for the Toby
travel steamer